chore: Update FAQ (#171)
bobanetwork/boba: .gitbook/FAQ.md

To move assets into or out of an Optimistic Ethereum network you can use the [**Boba Gateway**](https://gateway.boba.network). Detailed instructions in our [user documentation](contents/user/001\_how-to-bridge.md).

You can choose any of these two methods: [the **classical bridge**, or the **light bridge**](contents/boba-basics/bridge-basics/).

## Can I cancel a withdrawal after it has been submitted?

_No_, withdrawals currently cannot be cancelled once submitted.

## Can I transfer directly from Boba to a centralized exchange?

> Only if the centralized exchange supports Boba Network. Hence, you have to bridge your assets into a network they do support, such as L1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only if the centralized exchange supports Boba Network. For exchanges that do not directly support Boba Network, you can still bridge your assets into a network they do support (such as Eth Mainnet or BNB Chain).
```

Doesn't need to be this text exactly, but the 'Hence', doesn't read correctly to me.
